"cloud" is a component that converts a set of points into a density map
wherever points are denser, the cloud returns a higher number
the metrics for this are up to the formulae

it is highly adjacent to a kernel density estimator https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kernel_density_estimation but has a slightly different, higher dimensional purpose in this project

it is a transformer that converts a set of points (a relation) into a scalar field
the scalar field is also described as a multiple input single output function

perhaps in the future, it could even return a vector field (a scalar field with direction) or a pure direction field
the project demands slightly more rigorous definitions on what a field is in this context. its not the same field as from algebraic structures


one peculiarity of cloud is that it increments the number of working dimensions of an approximation
cloud returns a function. say we had a set of points ([x1,x2,x3,...], [y1,y2,y3,...])
then the cloud returns a function f(x, y) = expression of x, y
this can be represented as a 3d surface (a scalar field of 2D can be represented as a surface in 3D)

i might be wrong in calling it a new dimension. i am not quite sure
nor am i sure what it mathematically conceptually does
i mean, i can imagine it being a hazy cloud around any dense set of points
but i cant imagine why its treating [y1,y2,y3,...] as input. 
usually, the other components treat inputs (like x) and outputs (like y) as separate
but this one does not discriminate between input and output

one use i can see for this is seeing wherever the output surface is higher than a certain threshold. then the parts above will be considered the apprxoimation of the points.
more rigorously, imagine a horizontal plane on the global maximum of the surface
slowly lower the plane. as you lower it, you will find that the intersection of the two surfaces moves faster at some points, and slower at some points
for every infinitessimally small distance you lower the plane, the point that expanded radially outward the least will be chosen as the next point of maximum
keep doing this until the plane is down to 0. the locus of all the chosen maxima is the approximation of the points
