graphapproximator, although named as such, does not actually approximate graphs
it approximates relations. and as of 0.1.0, only approximates functions.

functions are simple. they can be represented by one side of an equation, an "expression". the other side being a "f(x)"
relations are a bit trickier. but they can be represented with equations. or inequations. two expressions with a comparison operator in between them.
graphs are even more abstract, as they are nodes and edges. 

functions are a special case of relations, and relations are a special case of graphs.

graphapproximator should generalize and in the far future, at least try to support relations
the first line of the README.md is intentional: "a python toolkit to help you find the approximate equation of any 2D graph"
an equation can represent a relation. and i want to generalize ga to a relation approximator
but! approximating actual graphs (as from graph theory) is incredibly abstract and hard, and is out of my personal scope. id love to see it worked on by someone. is graphapproximator a good breeding ground for graph approximation? i am not sure. but id like to see it tried.

graphapproximator 0.1.0 actually does take a relation as input
a relation is a set of ordered pairs of a set X
a set of points is exactly that. it is a set of ordered pairs, of the set of real numbers.
graphapproximator outputs a function as an approximaton of that relation.
that means ga already supports relation input. relation output is incredibly tricky though.
one way to cheat is to flatten/project/trace a parametric curve onto the xy plane
like how (cos t, sin t) is actually a point but if you trace it, its locus is a circle
this is disgusting though, and effectively hides a dimension, which is the parameter t, in order to fake a many-many relation
this will NOT be implemented
the actual accurate representation of that very same parametric function is actually a path in 3D space:
x = cos(t), y = sin(t), z = t
the circle only comes about as a projection of the path to the xy plane
